>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm not sure if you've
come across somebody
who has been
possessed, somebody who
has been attacked by a demon.
But it is, trust me, one of
the most scariest, frightening
feelings that you can imagine.
Bill Bean is a
spiritual warrior.
He's a minister.
He's an exorcist.
And he faces this every day.
In our earlier edition
of "Beyond Belief," Bill,
you talked about your
family upbringing
and what you went through,
and truly it was horrendous.
How did you end up
pulling yourself together
to be where you are today as
a minister, as an exorcist,
as a spiritual warrior?
>>BILL BEAN: It's a miraculous
transformation, George.
There's no other way to say it.
For so many years I was
empty, faithless, hopeless,
lived in darkness.
>>NOORY: Wandering around.
>>BEAN: Wandering around in a
great deal of pain and despair,
seeking death.
But yet God had another
plan for my life,
and it took many years for
it to manifest and unfold,
because I was so, I
guess, unruly in my ways
and just couldn't
tune in to what
God was trying to provide
for me or the path
that he was trying
to lead me down.
And so it was a
gradual transformation.
Now God gives us all
free will, so we're
free to make our choices.
And it wasn't until I
made the conscious effort
and decision that
hey, I can do better.
I can be better.
I can have some
happiness in my life.
>>NOORY: Did you hit the bottom?
>>BEAN: Oh absolutely,
I hit the bottom, yes.
And even after the passing of my
beloved mother and grandmother,
that caused such pain for
me and I was so young.
I had quit school and
lied about my age,
so I left school in
the eighth grade.
And so that affected me to where
I felt like oh, I'm uneducated.
For many years I wanted
to tell the story,
but I felt intellectually
inadequate,
that I could not properly
present the story.
So it held me back
for so long, and then
I made that decision that hey,
I'm going to educate myself.
And knowledge is power, George.
And I started to study anything
and everything that I could.
It was like God had
flipped a switch for me,
and all of a sudden
my mind was a sponge,
and I started studying
and absorbing things.
And so that really catapulted me
in this transformation process.
And it wasn't until I
just said to God one day,
I make you first in my life.
I want you to guide my life.
I thank you for my life.
I accept your salvation
through your son,
Yeshua, Jesus the Christ.
And I got baptized.
My wife and I got
baptized together.
It was the greatest day.
>>NOORY: What a turnaround
>>BEAN: George, it
was the greatest day.
And that's when my life
truly had come full circle,
and that God had put
that calling on me.
>>NOORY: How did you
decide, or at what point
did you decide to become a
spiritual warrior to help
people from all these demonic
forces that are out there?
>>BEAN: Well first of
all, I didn't want it,
because even before getting
baptized-- I wasn't baptized
until 2008, so I started doing
the interviews-- Discovery
Channel, a haunting series aired
my episode September 7, 2006.
And after that, well, I
became a public figure then.
I was getting contacted by
people from all over the world.
And a lot of these
people were in need,
so I would refer them
to people that I knew.
I had no intention
of going into this
and getting my hands dirty.
There's no way.
>>NOORY: These were
just experiences
that you'd gone through.
>>BEAN: Oh yes.
So I was doing all the
shows, and the interviews,
and everything.
Even when I was on
"Coast to Coast,"
I was still having some
problems from the enemy.
I mean, many show hosts
would line up and say, hey,
let me tell you what happened
while I was interviewing him
on my show.
They were hearing voices.
They were seeing
manifestations in their studios
while interviewing me.
But it wasn't until I got
baptized that it all stopped
and then it all changed.
And once that took
place, God put
that calling on my life,
which I very much resisted.
>>NOORY: I mean, did
you just wake up one day
and say I've got to do this?
>>BEAN: No, because right
after being baptized--
I mean right after-- I felt
this huge calling in my spirit--
>>NOORY: And you had never
been baptized before?
>>BEAN: No.
And so I felt that I
needed to help people.
God was telling
me that I could be
hands on in helping
these people.
And it took a while
though, George.
And so finally I couldn't
resist it anymore,
and I went and started
helping these people,
going in spiritual warfare.
And now here I am today.
So this has been going on now
since, I'd say, probably 2009.
And I can't tell you how
many people all over America
that God has worked through
me to free from evil,
and there's nothing
else that I'd rather
be doing with my life.
>>NOORY: There's a lot
of evil out there, Bill.
>>BEAN: A lot.
And I will tell you this.
Without truly
knowing the answer,
I'm going to tell you
what I feel about this.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>BEAN: I feel there
are certain things going
on in the world that is--
let me say it this way.
There are forces
on the Earth that
don't have the best
interest of mankind.
They are in league
with demonic forces.
They are of the very
seed line of Satan.
>>NOORY: Always were, right?
>>BEAN: Yes, yes.
And they are causing things
to happen on this Earth,
and I think such things as the
harp device that is opening up
these giant sinkholes
all over the Earth.
I feel that's some portals
are opening and releasing
more demons onto the Earth.
Because I'm telling you,
George, at this point in time,
as opposed to just last year,
the number of demonic cases
that I've dealt with--
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>BEAN: Huge.
Huge increase.
>>NOORY: Something's
happening to people.
>>BEAN: Something is
a really happening.
>>NOORY: People are scared.
They're not acting right.
>>BEAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: They're uptight.
They're angry.
>>BEAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: And they're
being bombarded.
When we talk about demonic
forces, what are they?
Is that a natural process
of what's in the universe?
Or were they created after
goodness was created?
What are they?
>>BEAN: Biblically
speaking, we see
that Yahweh created Satan
as this great angel that
had pipes in him.
Yahweh created
pipes in him, and he
was the-- I guess we would
call him the choir director
or whatever.
He was in charge of the praise
and worship music for God.
And so he was this
beautiful adorned angel,
and then suddenly he rebelled.
>>NOORY: He turned.
>>BEAN: He turned.
And so Yahweh cast him out
with a third of the angels out
of heaven, and they came down
here and took human women
and produced a hybrid
offspring called the nephilim.
And I do believe that this
is where it all began.
And then that seed line
just goes right on through.
>>NOORY: So there are demonic
humans from that seed line.
>>BEAN: I certainly believe it.
And furthermore if we go
back to Genesis 3, 13 and 15
where God has called Adam,
Eve and the serpent together.
And he says what have
you done with the woman?
Because you have
done this, I will
create enmity--
which means hatred--
between you and the woman.
And I will create
enmity, hatred,
between your seed
and the woman seed.
>>NOORY: So could Hitler
have been one of them?
>>BEAN: It is quite possible.
And we don't know
the answer to this.
But I'll tell you this,
I go by discernment.
God could-- he
could give all of us
discernment when we have
that connection with him.
In these demonic cases, before
I even go into the home,
once I had arrived
at the residence,
God will start to put
a mental picture--
and I don't claim to be a
psychic or anything else--
he puts a mental
picture in my head,
and I start to develop a knowing
of what's going on in there
and what I'm dealing with.
>>NOORY: That's a gift.
The Catholic church,
Bill, has about 120
practicing exorcists out
there roaming the planet,
trying to do what they do.
You perform exorcisms as well.
Take us through one.
I mean, what do
you do when you-- I
mean, how are you contacted?
What do they ask you?
And what do you see
once you get there?
>>BEAN: Yeah, it's amazing
because, again, there's
so many people in need.
And most of these people
contact me via email,
although some do have my
number from other people
that I've helped.
So I have a waiting
list, George.
There is a waiting
list of people.
>>NOORY: You travel
all over the country.
>>BEAN: All over the country.
Every weekend I'm travelling.
So the first thing I do is I
have a discussion with them
and they start telling me
things that are going on,
and some will try
and send me pictures.
I'll say look, you're
telling me now.
I'm really not interested
in seeing the pictures,
because I'll rely on God to
give me everything that I need.
>>NOORY: You get
your own pictures.
>>BEAN: Yeah.
I'm really not interested in
seeing that, because again,
just talking with
someone you could
start to feel what's
going on here.
So then I will get
to the residence,
and before I even get
out of the vehicle--
>>NOORY: You can feel it.
>>BEAN: I could
not only feel it,
but God is starting to
unfold things in my mind.
>>NOORY: Is that because of
maybe your experience as a boy?
>>BEAN: I believe so, to where
he's put this calling on me.
Again, I could not be
here had I not been there.
So in a strange way,
God allowed those things
to happen as a preparation--
>>NOORY: For you.
>>BEAN: For where
I'm at right now.
So I will say--
>>NOORY: At the unfortunate
sacrifice of your family.
>>BEAN: Unfortunately, yes.
Do I wish I could change it?
Absolutely.
If I could go back in time,
if I had a time machine
and could go back in time, I
absolutely would change it,
especially when it comes to
the suffering of my mother, who
suffered more than
any other person
I've ever seen in my life.
Certainly I would go
back and change it,
but I can't change it.
This is part of where I'm at
now in moving forward in life.
So yes, I regret that all
those things happened.
I wish they hadn't
happened, but now it's
part of my journey in life.
>>NOORY: So that you get that
call, let's say, from a family
in Wichita.
You go there?
>>BEAN: Oh absolutely.
>>NOORY: And then what happens?
>>BEAN: The first thing is
when I arrive at the residence,
God starts to put this
mental picture in my head
so I'm starting to get
a understanding what's
going on here.
A lot of times, George,
unfortunately sexual abuse
is at the root of a
lot of these problems.
So I will say a prayer
outside in Hebrew.
I'm asking Yahweh to
bring his giant warrior
angels to come and to carry
off these demonic forces,
to work through me to bind
them and cast them out.
>>NOORY: Is it a short prayer?
>>BEAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: You want to do it,
just so we know what it's like?
>>BEAN: Yeah, so
what I would say
is, again, I'm just
calling on Yahweh,
so Yahweh Elohim, Yahweh
Elohim, Yahweh Elohim.
Or you could say Adonai
Sabaoth , Adonai Sabaoth,
Adonai Sabaoth.
But the first thing
that we're doing
is it comes up to where you're
saying holy, holy, holy.
So we're calling
on God and we're
asking him to bring
his giant warrior
angels to come in and carry
these demonic forces off,
to work through me to bind
them and cast them out.
>>NOORY: You're
outside the house.
>>BEAN: Yes, absolutely.
So then I've anointed
my head with oil.
And I use a combination of holy
oil, holy water, and holy salt.
>>NOORY: Have you ever been
afraid to go in the house?
>>BEAN: Never once.
And I'll tell you why.
Because as a deliverance
minister, as an agent for God,
as an extension for God, I
have to be in total faith.
If my faith waivers
for one second at all--
>>NOORY: Shattered.
>>BEAN: It's over.
So I have to be--
>>NOORY: And you're
useless to them.
>>BEAN: Right.
So I have to be in
warrior mode 24/7.
I know that's easier
said than done.
>>NOORY: It's got
to exhaust you.
>>BEAN: It does get
exhausting sometimes.
So when I go into the house,
I will say the Lord's Prayer
at the door.
>>NOORY: And you can feel this?
>>BEAN: Oh yes.
By that time I know.
I'm getting a picture
what's going on.
So then I'll say house blessing
prayer right at the front door.
I anoint the family's heads
with oil and then we sit down.
>>NOORY: Now are you exorcising
the house, the family, or both?
>>BEAN: Both.
Because this is a
process, George.
You have to clean everything.
So then I sit down
with the family
and I become a counselor.
And sometimes these
talks are hours.
Anywhere from two to six
hours of sitting down.
I have to dig.
It's not that I want
to know everybody's
deep and dark secrets.
I have to know them,
because we have
to get to the root of what is
going on here, because Satan--
>>NOORY: Are they
honest with you?
>>BEAN: Yes.
But it's a process
there, too, and let
me say this, Satan
and his minions,
they deal in legalities.
So if they feel they have
a legal right to be there,
they're going to be there.
So I have to dig into this
person's personal life
to find out what
that legal hold is.
>>NOORY: And I have
to assume while you're
doing this, while they're
sharing you information,
the demons are in this house.
They've got to be fit
to be tied, literally.
>>BEAN: No question about it.
>>NOORY: Do they come at you?
>>BEAN: No, they have
to flee my presence.
I'll tell you why.
It's not me.
It's not my power.
It's God's power that works
through me, which is so strong,
George, that it
repels these things.
>>NOORY: They can't get to you.
>>BEAN: They have no choice.
And I praise God for that.
Again, it is not my power.
I don't claim to be
anything or anybody, just
a warrior for God, a
humble servant for God
that God works through
to help other people.
But it's sitting down with these
people, it's gut wrenching.
>>NOORY: So after
this two to five,
six hour meeting with them, you
get the information you need,
then what do you do?
>>BEAN: Once I have the
information that I need--
and this is part of
the purging process.
So if you and I, we're
sitting and you tell me
all your deepest, darkest
junk, and we all have it
for many years of
whatever it may be.
This is a purging process,
because the people are
getting it up, and out, and off.
>>NOORY: Are they crying when
they're telling you this?
>>BEAN: Oh yes, and
it's heartbreaking.
It's gut wrenching.
Especially when it comes to
the sexual abuse of-- some
of these people had been
sexually abused from childhood.
>>NOORY: Are they abused by the
family member who's in there?
>>BEAN: Some.
And it's a gut
wrenching process.
And so we have to get this
stuff up, and out, and off.
So this is part of
the transformation.
So then I'll take
a person's hand.
I'll say take my hand-- and
again, this is not my power.
This is God's power
working through me.
And I'll say to them I want
you to close your eyes.
I want you to imagine
yourself in total darkness.
Now I want you to manifest
every single horrible thing
you could imagine in your life
that you've ever experienced.
I want you to manifest it
all in your mind right now.
So I give them a second,
and I'll say do you see it?
And they'll say yes.
I'll say now--
>>NOORY: Do they generally
pick the worst moment?
Or everything?
>>BEAN: They're picking
everything that they can.
These people, they're
trying to-- and I want them
to, because I want
them to get it all--
>>NOORY: Get it out.
Get it out.
>>BEAN: So then
I say, I want you
to see this
magnificent light that
is now swallowing
that darkness up.
And I give them-- I'll
say, now, do you see it?
And they're saying yes.
>>NOORY: And this is part
of the exorcism process?
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
And so then I say, OK, there's a
figure emerging from the light.
In his right hand he's
holding a window that is open.
Do you see it?
And they'll say yes.
And I'll say OK, he's standing
right in front of you.
I want you to take every
one of those horrific events
and problems that
you have manifested,
and I want you to see
yourself balling it up
into one gigantic,
ugly, black beach ball.
And I'll say I want you to
see yourself creating it.
And they'll say OK.
So then I'll say on
the count of three
I want you to see
yourself kicking
that ball through that
open window as hard
as you possibly can.
>>NOORY: And don't miss.
>>BEAN: Yes, so we'll go through
the one, two, and then three.
Bang.
So I say OK-- now
you can see and feel
the relief of the person.
And I'll say OK, the one who
is holding that open window is
none other than Yeshua,
Jesus the Christ.
And I want you to receive
the power of God in your body
right now.
And I want you to feel
it starting at your feet,
and I want you to
feel it filling you
to the top of your head.
And this is a process, George--
>>NOORY: Their eyes are closed?
>>BEAN: Yes.
This is a process to where--
literally like an oil change.
I call it a
spiritual oil change.
It is literally flushing out
all the gunk and the garbage
that the enemy has built
up for all these years.
And now God's power
is replenishing it.
So it forces it to
the top of the head,
and as crazy as this might
sound to you or the viewers,
once it gets to the top of
the head-- and I'll say that.
I want you to let
me know when this
gets to the top of your head.
And they say OK.
So then I go over to
the person's head,
and I literally--
>>NOORY: You touch them?
>>BEAN: No, not touch them.
I literally grab that
entity that has manifested--
>>NOORY: Near their head?
>>BEAN: Literally pull
it out of their head.
>>NOORY: Demonstrate.
>>BEAN: So I would
come over to your head,
and I would literally
pull it out like that,
then I go to the front
door, I walk outside,
and I ask God's angels to
come and carry this thing off.
>>NOORY: Get rid of it.
>>BEAN: Yes.
So I wouldn't just bind
it and cast it out,
because we got to be
careful with that.
>>NOORY: Is there
instant relief?
Or has there ever been a
time where it didn't work?
>>BEAN: Well, there has
been times that it's worked.
But there's also been times
to where someone fell back
into some things to
where I had to go back.
So that happens.
>>NOORY: Couple days later?
>>BEAN: Couple days later.
Couple weeks later.
Couple months.
>>NOORY: Spirit comes back?
The evil spirit?
>>BEAN: It comes back, because
we have to be very careful,
George.
When these things
take place, we have
to be very careful to keep
certain doorways closed
to the enemy.
And if that doorway opens
back up, well guess what?
They're coming, and seven more
wicked are coming with it.
So this person finds
himself in a worse place
than they were originally.
>>NOORY: I've always
wondered, Bill,
if people bring this
onto themselves.
>>BEAN: I will say some do
by dabbling into some things.
And some unwittingly do, because
we're saturated as a society.
As a people we are saturated.
Satan is the prince and
the power of the air
and I believe the
airwaves as well,
and there is some
programming, whether it
be through TV, or music,
entertainment industry, movies,
whatever it may be, there
are certain things that
are presented in that way that
is really mind programming
and has the capacity and
propensity-- these demons have
that to travel--
literally travel through,
because I believe some of these
things are portals as well.
>>NOORY: Do you remember movie
The Green Mile with Tom Hanks?
>>BEAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: And John Coffey who
would release evil from people,
but he would have to absorb it.
He would take it in.
>>BEAN: Exactly.
>>NOORY: It would come
down in his mouth.
Does that happen to
you sometimes where
this evil that you
released goes into you,
even if it's just
for a short moment.
>>BEAN: No, and I thank
God for that, because--
>>NOORY: That would get you.
>>BEAN: Yeah, I bind
and rebuke that.
I won't have any part of that.
So part of this purging
for the individual
is to pull this out
of them, and then I
release it to God and his mighty
giant warrior angels that come.
So I'm literally handing
this thing off to them,
and then I go through the
entire house, the entire house,
and I bless, seal,
sanctify, purify,
and cleanse, and make
holy the entire home.
I'll even go into
closets and everything.
>>NOORY: They're always
in closets, aren't they?
>>BEAN: Yes.
And then I go to the
outside of the house,
and we've got to bless and
seal the outside of the home
as well.
And I'll tell you one
exorcism that I recently
performed in Gettysburg was
just absolutely one of the most
intense that I've
ever been involved in.
>>NOORY: What happened there?
>>BEAN: To make a long
story short, this lady, who
has become a very
dear friend of mine,
she was suffering greatly
for many, many years.
And after performing
the exorcism,
I went through the
entire house, which
is a very large
house in Gettysburg,
and in the attic-- which
was one of those walk
through type of attics that
you could make an office
or whatever out of--
went through there.
And I sensed the presence
of evil up there.
And it was back
in a dark corner.
>>NOORY: Hiding?
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
So I said by the
mighty power of Yahweh
in Jesus' name I bind you and I
command you to depart at once.
>>NOORY: Are you screaming?
>>BEAN: In a very authoritative
voice, absolutely.
And so then I threw the
holy water-- the oil,
the water, and the salt--
in the direction where
I sensed the entity.
George, I've done
these types of things
now all over America
for several years.
I have never heard
a sound like this.
When I did that, this thing--
>>NOORY: A wailing sound?
>>BEAN: A screeching sound
like I've never heard before.
And it departed.
>>NOORY: Scary.
>>BEAN: But I'm
telling you right now,
I have never heard
anything like that before.
>>NOORY: I hail from St. Louis.
Born in Detroit.
But been in St. Louis since '79.
And now Los Angeles.
I'm all over the place.
But that's where the
exorcism of the little boy
occurred that they did the
movie The Exorcist for.
And the priest,
the main priest who
was involved in that exorcism,
lived in St. Louis, Bill,
and refused to
talk to the media.
Did not want any
involvement after that case.
He was, I think, so
overcome by this exorcism
that he performed, I don't
think he was ever the same.
>>BEAN: I can believe it.
I can absolutely believe it.
And I'll tell you there's times
when I come out of these things
where I'm totally exhausted.
I don't have anything left.
>>NOORY: It killed Edgar Cayce.
That kind of trance like state.
So you've got to be careful.
>>BEAN: Well this is where
I say this is not my power.
This is God's power
that works through me.
So I have to remain
in 100% faith.
So when we have faith,
we have strength
and we have courage
that go with that.
Faith and fear are
not compatible.
So I have to remain--
doesn't mean I'm perfect.
I'm fallible.
I make mistakes just
like everybody else.
I don't claim to be perfect.
However, I could tell you
I try each and every day
to be the best that I can be.
And I keep my faith strong.
And I rely on God to work
through me and to keep me safe
and protected.
And he does, and I thank
him and praise him for it.
>>NOORY: What do
you tell people when
they meet you for
the first time,
and they say hey what do you do?
And you go, I'm a
spiritual warrior.
Whoa, what's that?
>>BEAN: Well, that
happened just last night.
Some people, they say oh wow.
And other people,
they're taken aback.
Whoa wow.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>BEAN: Exactly.
What is that?
>>NOORY: What do
you say to them?
>>BEAN: I try to explain a
little bit that, again, this
is very faith based.
>>NOORY: Without
freaking them out.
>>BEAN: Without
That I'm a man of God,
and God calls us all
to do certain things
in life, and this
is what he has called me to do.
So I'm literally the guy that
runs into the burning building
when the others are running out.
That's the best
way to describe it.
>>NOORY: How do you feel
when you save somebody?
>>BEAN: It's the
greatest feeling
that I could ever imagine.
I can't imagine anything
better than that,
because I know what
it's like to suffer.
I've been there.
And this is why people
relate to me, George.
If I walked into a home and
I was this great scholar.
I knew it all.
>>NOORY: Mr. Uppity Up.
>>BEAN: Exactly.
Yet I'd never had an experience.
It would be cold.
They couldn't relate to me.
But being who I am and having
the experiences that I've had,
these people make an
instant connection.
And I'm telling
you right now, when
you're dealing with people
who have been traumatized
in this way, they don't
trust just anybody.
>>NOORY: No, they don't.
Takes a while.
>>BEAN: So you have
to develop that trust,
and then the wall comes down,
and then they can open up,
and then the process
of transformation
begins to take place.
>>NOORY: Do you wear
any special clothes?
Do you wear a detective's
outfit and a hat?
What do you look like?
>>BEAN: No, I just dress
kind of like this in a suit.
That's pretty much it.
I don't wear any crosses
or anything like that.
>>NOORY: Do you bring
anything with you?
>>BEAN: I have my--
>>NOORY: A Bible?
>>BEAN: Oh yeah.
Oh absolutely.
And I read from
the Bible as well.
>>NOORY: You have to
have the Bible there?
>>BEAN: I feel it's
essential for me
because God guides
me in a certain way.
I have a certain
routine of doing things,
yet each and every case
is unique in its own,
so I'll do things
differently per each case.
However, there is a structure
of how I go about things
and that requires reading
biblical scripture.
Psalm 91 is my favorite,
and I read that every time,
as well as the Lord's Prayer
and Hebrews 11 and other things.
>>NOORY: Who is possessed more?
Male?
Female?
Child?
>>BEAN: It doesn't matter.
It really doesn't matter.
>>NOORY: So it runs the gamut.
>>BEAN: Yeah, I would say--
in thinking about this,
off the top of my head,
very few children.
The number of children compared
to the adults is way down.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>BEAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: So the movie
kind of flipped us there.
>>BEAN: Yeah.
Yeah, so it's mostly adults.
Mainly adults.
And it's very sad
because you would
be shocked, George,
if I told you
about some of the higher profile
people that have contacted me
for deliverance over the years.
Yes, you would be
absolutely shocked.
And people in places of
authority and local government
and stuff like that.
Just absolutely amazing.
>>NOORY: At least they're
smart enough to call for help.
>>BEAN: Yes, praise God.
And again, what I do is I
don't just go and perform
this deliverance and that's
the last they see of me.
I stay involved
with these people.
I tell them I'll stay
in the fight with you.
I stand for you.
>>NOORY: They need you.
>>BEAN: I'm in it with
them, because they need me
as a source of support.
When people have
this kind of trauma,
it's not a one, two, three
thing that they could just
say OK, I don't have to
worry about that anymore.
Yes, they're delivered from it.
However, it requires
a mindset change.
So when we have
this kind of trauma,
we're so used to being in a
certain pattern of expecting
things-- and for
myself, for many years
I expected things
to go negatively.
I would wake up and say
oh what a horrible thing
is going to happen today?
It requires that mindset change.
So that's why I have to
stay with them in the fight
to help them along
to where they have
that total victory in
mind, body, and spirit.
>>NOORY: What percent relapses?
>>BEAN: A small percentage.
A small percentage.
But it is heartbreaking
when that relapse occurs,
because it's so
passionate for me
to see people
delivered from this,
to see them flourish in
every aspect of their life.
And we don't have time to
go into it on this show,
but God has led people to me
from so many different places.
Just yesterday in the
airport, a poor lady
was grieving over a family loss.
>>NOORY: Of course.
That's expected.
>>BEAN: I happened to be there
as a minister to help her.
And she said you know what?
I believe God arranged
this, because I needed this.
This is how God works.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
had a case where you just
couldn't get rid of the demon?
>>BEAN: I've never
had a case to where
I-- God working through me
couldn't get rid of the demon.
However, there have been
cases to where God did work
through me to get
rid of it, and then
the people went right
back to the things
that they shouldn't have
been doing to start with,
and it's back.
It comes back.
>>NOORY: Once you get
rid of that demon,
that ball, where does it go?
>>BEAN: Well, I just I feel that
God's heavenly giant warrior
angels carry it off to wherever
they're carrying it off to.
>>NOORY: Is there a
demon jail up there
in heaven or something?
>>BEAN: Who knows?
>>NOORY: Or hell?
>>BEAN: One would have
to think that there
is some sort of type
of holding facility.
Enoch talked about the
seven levels of heaven,
and in one of those was
a facility of that type.
>>NOORY: Classic
Twilight Zone where
there was the devil
in the cell, and he
kept trying to convince
this guy to open the door
and let him out.
And he finally let him out.
>>BEAN: Exactly.
>>NOORY: So that
happens, I guess.
>>BEAN: Oh yeah.
And again, this is where I
have to totally rely on God.
And I go on behalf of God.
I would never ever, George,
proclaim to you or anybody else
that I'm this all powerful
individual, and I can do this,
and I can do that.
Never.
The glory and the
praise goes to God.
I thank him for working
through me to help others.
>>NOORY: Anybody out
there needs your services,
how do they find you, Bill?
>>BEAN: The best way
would be billbean.net.
And it'll connect you to
the ministry site as well.
And I answer every
single message,
no matter how tired I am.
You're exactly right, there's
times that I get exhausted.
But God re-energizes
me, because this
is a mission to me, George.
There is nothing
else on this Earth
that I'd rather be
doing with my life.
>>NOORY: Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief," Bill.
>>BEAN: My pleasure.
>>NOORY: Demons.
Let's hope you never need Bill's
services to get rid of a demon,
to get an exorcism.
But if you're ever
possessed, if you
know of a family member
that has this situation,
you've got people like Bill
Bean out there to save you.
I'm George Noory, and
this is "Beyond Belief."